behold the most dangerous threat we've
ever faced the brother of that greater
dealer he said just boom here in
Duckburg life is like a hurricane
treasure adventure historical accuracy
[Music]
look what the cat dragged in meow
everyone Pat my head I'm looking for a
henchman I'm looking for my man I've
never hunted the most dangerous pinata
what did you do with Lina can I also see
as well no but I can destroy GUI doc yes
daddies we need to call for help
I am the supernova
can you slow down please hi I'm kismet
done when there's trouble you call me
what's your name
Lars is bringing an army to destroy
Earth we may be a ragtag gang of
underdogs we'll survive like we always
do because we have smarter we have
tougher
we are sharper follow my lead and we'll
square
I believe the words you're looking for
are
you